These are the markers I used in Corrin's regular dialogue. I added an explanation for every one to give you an idea what to do with them.
Used markers are in quotation marks.

"goingeasy" : Corrin doesn't want people to go easy on her in this game, I marked every instance where she says it (except the victory lines of course)
"war" : Corrin was the commander (sort of) in a war, this war was the main plot point in Fire Emblem Fates.
"learnbydoing" : Quote: "I'm just going to call this "learning by doing"". When she has a bad hand. Another character could respond to this if you want them to.
"cardcombos" : Quote: "These cards don't match with any of the combos I read about... Maybe it is a hidden one?" When she has a bad hand. Use this however you like, if you want to.
"wathappen" : Corrin doesn't quite get how the game works at the beginning, so she asks what happens when someone loses a hand for the first time. (coupled with timeInStage:0)
"lookgudwitdat" : "Oh you looked good wearing that..." type of lines when someone takes something off. 
"smallcount" : Quote "Small things count? That's nice to know!" When someone takes off a small thing, added for later use in her dialogue but if you find another use, go for it.
"goodchoice" : Quote "Your ~clothing~? That's a good choice!" After someone takes something off.
"demstratz" : Corrin asks if a character is intentionally taking something bigger off. Again, I used it to get a followup that makes sense but marked it so you can do something with it if you want it.
"camp" : Corrin's army camp. She spent quite a bit of time here in between battles.
"SPH" : I think this means "Small Penis Hate", appearently some people are into that so yeah...
"swordbig" : Quote "That is bigger than my sword!" when a male large crotch is visible. Too easy, had to do it. She mentions her sword being a weird magic chainsaw thing somewhere else so I just went with swordbig.
"booksdontlie" : Quote "Those books weren't lying!" when a male large crotch is visible. It's been hinted at that Nyx (character in FE:Fates, the one I referenced to about the Strip Poker book in Corrin's other lines) likes reading erotic novels, maybe Corrin stole some of them? :p
"backcare" : Big breasts are heavy and might hurt your back later, know that Corrin is concerned about you.
"comfygloves" : 1-stripped: "Here you go! you can try [my gloves] on if you like, they are really comfy!" You can try something I guess.
"yourfateissealed" : One of Corrin's more memorable battle quotes, also a taunt in Smash 4.
"onedoesnotneed" : Quote "It is just like the book said, "To win one does not need the best hand, simply not having the worst hand is enough to achieve victory."" She shouldn't repeat this line, also you can react I guess.
"strategyguide" : Strategy guides for Strip Poker are a thing, appearently.
"onefortheteam" : Corrin is fine with losing some times, she can help others with it!
"playsafer" : Corrin encourages the player to "play safer", as if that's possible in strip poker, but whatever.
"chainsawsword" : Corrin's sword is basically a magical chainsaw. That's kinda creepy but badass at the same time.
"luckycharm" : Corrin thinks of her hairband as her Lucky Charm for whatever reason. A character in FE:Fates, called Benny, makes Charms for people he likes, so it is a bit of a reference to him
"hotsprings" : Corrin's army camp has hot springs. The springs are unisex so it's possible (and likely) for you to "accindentally" walk into the springs when members of the opposing gender are bathing (good shit, nintendo/IntSys)
"warminhere" : Commenting on how warm it is in wherever they are playing
"lookatmashirt" : She mentions her shirt in a "good_hand" quote, mentioning it again in a stripping quote is not needed.
"arthur" : Arthur is a character in FE:Fates, known for his terrible luck.
"looklikehi" : Corrin makes this comment when someone reveals their small breasts. "Hi..." in this sentence is Hinoka, Corrin's older sister. (and best Hoshido girl, fight me)
"cursed" : Giant penises are scary, especially kisekae's giant penises. Corrin fears you might be cursed
"forgot" : Because she gets really competitive in stage 4, Corrin forgets that losers have to masturbate
"nomoreforget" : Continuing to forget said thing when someone is sitting there masturbating is kind of dumb.
"chrltpose" : "Charlotte Pose" Charlotte is a character in FE:Fates. Her official art has her in an... interesting pose, a pose I tried to recreate as the 6-help pose
"justillusion" : "Justice is just an illusion" is a quote in FE:Fates, I referenced it.
"dragon" : Corrin can turn into a dragon (well, more like a deer-dragon hybrid IMO), that's basically it. 
"fuckme" : Corrin gets really horny when a guy starts masturbating when she's masturbating as well, dialogue speaks for itself.
"notallowed" : Also speaks for itself

--------

Other used markers, with their explanations, can be found near the top of f_corrin_bhv.txt in her folder. Most of them are one-offs or are purely used for her own dialogue, but if you want to do anything with them, go ahead.
