(note: today = 27-May-2018)

UnderscorM3 - Today at 12:32 AM
Some techniques for getting your line count up: 
1) Rephrase ideas, or have different takes on the same thing. I try to have my characters have three ways of saying every thought, each a bit different in message, but with the same keywords, in case someone wanted to target there. 
2) Don't be afraid to be generic. You character doesn't always have to be a motormouth. (Just make sure they are more interesting elsewhere.)
3)  Target the mess out of people. Have random comments be in hand quality lines on certain rounds. You don't have to say anything special, really, just have them acknowledge each other. 
4) Make a mind map: Write down every topic you can think of for your character. Then write three lines for each topic.

nmasp - Today at 12:33 AM
Something I did for Gwen
Take Samus's dialogue
And then rewrite it line by line to fit your character
If its really wrong you rephrase it to your character's voice

UnderscorM3 - Today at 12:35 AM
For burnout: 
1) a lot of people set quotas of "5 lines a day!" That keeps them fresh and ensures they do something. 
2) mix a bit of play into work. Rewatch, play, or read your source material and pause frequently to jot down notes. Or find similar characters and do the same. I watched a lot of jewish comedians for Aimee. 
3) Just keep the editor always open. When inspiration hits, do it immediately.

yu_ser - Today at 12:36 AM
There's no shame on looking through another character files and take ideas
Especially if you have one that resembles your character's personality
And keep asking
Every doubt you have

UnderscorM3 - Today at 12:39 AM
Goals also help. Like "I want to finish this stage, then I can take a break."
Also, try to keep a to-do list. I've found that by listing what I have to do, it's a bit les daunting. I can do one item at a time and mark it off. And it also Lets you work on one thing and not be afraid of forgetting something. Interruptions are the most stressful thing when writing, and sometimes you interrupt yourself with other writing! The to do list makes you feel like "no,  can do that later. I'm doing this now."